so we're coming at Armageddon maybe not
the highest point in the series but if
you play the two previous games we like
those a little bit I would definitely
recommend checking out because it
actually is a lot of fun so in mortal
kombat armageddon like the previous ones
we've got the different most arcade mode
which ever is pretty familiar if we have
versus mode then we have create a
fighter which is a new thing and then
conquest has been around the last two
games it's best rd incarnation on this
version title we have to print which for
those who don't know the crypt is the
kind of chamber of secrets of the game
usually a big collection of concept art
we can learn from
again you see it in the opening
cinematic sequence where we see zombie
the game kicks change sex acts we see
that you just really don't mess with
obvious no farming so arcade mode is
back but something that's new to both of
these we have creative fighter very much
like wrestling games of last gen where
you make these crazy wrestlers and see
how was the show that you made like dem
obey I just want to warn you because I
made my character costume first later
special moves are very expensive so if
you're using your coins to build your
fighter I suggest that you might want it
moves first before you do the parents
settings just so you can you know keep
the move from one I don't know how the
hell they came up with the different
values for things i don't i don't know
why ratings line move is more expensive
than fireball okay ever again we have
the creative fatality system okay a
great way to allow a player to have
control over what's going on the best
that I can you can shape together this
massive fatality up to about 11 12
different fatality moves in a line that
you're cared you can do and will do a
lot to your opponent
it's really it's impressively being a
good way was able to complete this game
here the dorms on the Albert so what's
score would i give more kombat
armageddon I'd say five out of six MK
symbols